singles and a disappointing young
orange that is enough to wear
a point to qualify for the
play-offs
Roberts set aside the first real thing
danger it's crazy to single one pressure
I play for keeper but it is also
not over now though
and orange escapes one
backlog as a rose or ski
not chilly because that tree has to cut right through
the ropes go but shoot him so
criticism of that that then makes sense
she is still feeding
power okay this man cannot pass
another shot against Ricky head that later
is the wall of tilburg and then of whole
far
Audi is almost in itself Firing
shot by nina well what is it
forty meters thick
ok choke okay emergency brake or not
emergency brake or not all your jan you come 100
ha does not provide relief yet
passed over
orange escapes and how if after then okay
the fog comes in and you see it through his
shoot head
red or no red do there is the first
who misses the second is pope check and there
Escaped
young orange
la is sick here
slippers gives us
okay the chance to keep off the goal
here is marlou castaignos all the way there
weak performance of the castaignos
now drawn on the back line and the
chance of shooting goes long
and again young orange escapes but there
comes a time when he goes there
do the trick stays down
there is chance number so much and the weather
again it goes unpunished
cross now and the couple will enter it
goes in and it's not undeserved
young slovakia line adam is re-lock
scores and young orange I am in the
issues
dick in trouble four maybe five
six times was warned cool
and the seventh time it was well and
he goes out in sixteen points 8
matches
slovenia as a group head through to the
play-offs
there is no joke about what an opportunity yet
for daley sink graves
there was the opportunity that you always know
that I am a bit of a party
celebrated by the players in blue
Slovakia qualifies for the play-offs
for the youth wk and therefore not young
Orange